(Episode 29)
This is Patrol Car Four from Sangku Division.
We got a call about an abduction case.
The rooftop of Hae Kwang Law Firm in moguk-dong.
Send an ambulance and a patrol car.
Can we trust the person who called?
Yes. We have to get there in five minutes.
Sir, I need to get there as soon as possible.
This shot...
will paralyze all the muscles in your body.
Then you won't be able to breathe,
and you'll die quietly in five minutes as if you're falling asleep.
Your death will be like a blessing.
What time is it now?
What time is it?
And where am I now?
Do you want to know where and what time you're going to die?
This is the rooftop of Hae Kwang Law Firm, and it's...
10:30pm right now.
Jae Chan.
Did you hear that?
You heard that, right?
It's...
What an interesting girl.
Is this broken? Why isn't it working?
What...
What is the matter?
How can we get to the rooftop?
The elevators aren't working due to the power outage.
Oh, our emergency elevator is over there.
Let me borrow your flashlight.
What's wrong?
You look scary.
You look like you could kill me.
Yes.
I'm about to.
Are you saying you'll become a murderer?
No, of course not.
I'm saying that I need to clean up the garbage.
You tried to kill that reporter...
as well as me.
I ended up killing you while trying to stop you,
which means I did it in defense of a third party,
I'll get a non-guilty verdict.
You're the one who told me...
to sort it out well...
and to make sure that it's a win-win deal for everyone.
This is the answer I found.
Woo Tak. It must be there. Over there.
Hong Joo!
She's Ms. Nam Hong Joo, right?
Gosh, what happened?
My goodness, what's going on? Sir, are you all right?
I'm okay, but please check on Ms. Nam.
Hong Joo!
- I can feel her pulse. - Lay her down.
Sorry?
Whether she has a pulse or not isn't an issue.
She can't breathe as her lungs are paralyzed.
- What? - Explain her condition...
to the medics and tell them to bring a respirator.
Okay.
Hong Joo. Hong Joo, please.
Please hang in there.
Please...
Hong Joo, please...
Hong Joo.
Wake up.
Wake up!
Hey!
Hong Joo.
Hang in there, please.
(Episode 29: Stand by Me)
Are you okay?
Yes. I'm a little dizzy, but I'm all right.
We're from Hangang Police Station.
Could you please tell us what happened?
I met Ms. Nam in my office for an interview,
and we had coffee together.
I suddenly started feeling weak all over.
Someone must've put some kind of drug in it.
I was feeling all hazy, but I did see...
the woman, Ha Ju Won, carrying Ms. Nam out of my office.
I tried to stop her,
but I couldn't really move because of the drug.
Ha Ju Won is the woman who fell to death, right?
Yes. She came to see me a little while ago.
She insisted that she's the real IV drip serial killer.
She came to consult me.
The one who got caught isn't the real killer?
That's right.
My goodness.
I suggested turning herself in,
but she didn't take my advice.
I guess she saw me meeting with Ms. Nam...
and assumed that I was leaking the information to the media.
That's why you think she drugged your coffee?
Well, that's what I'm speculating.
Then what happened after that?
I didn't have any strength to move, but I wasn't totally unconscious.
I thought I should stop her from killing another person at all costs,
so I barely managed to follow them to the rooftop,
- No! - but Ha Ju Won was already...
drugging Ms. Nam.
I wanted to stop her, but I couldn't move because of the drug.
Then Ha Ju Won started attacking me immediately.
While trying to stop her,
she and I tussled. I ended up pushing her,
and she fell off the building.
After that, you fainted while trying...
to rescue Ms. Nam.
That's right.
If only I hadn't been drugged,
I would've been able to save Ms. Nam's life.
Please don't worry. She's fine.
She's fine?
Are you saying she's alive?
Yes, she's alive.
How...
I heard that drug kills anyone within five minutes of injection.
Yes. Everyone is saying that it's a miracle.
I heard that she would've died if she had been rescued a minute late.
Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan saved her life by performing CPR promptly.
Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan?
He came to the scene?
She was very lucky.
Lady Luck must've been on her side.
Totally.
I'm so relieved.
Doctor, how's Hong Joo? How is she?
She passed the critical stage.
She could survive thanks to the prompt first-aid treatment.
But the thing is that I can't tell you for certain...
when she'll regain her consciousness.
What do you mean?
She couldn't breathe for a significant amount of time.
No oxygen was provided to her brain during that time,
and the experience must've caused severe psychological trauma as well.
We can't really predict anything at the moment.
Ms. Yoon.
I'm all right. I'm okay.
I'm sorry. I...
I should've rescued her sooner.
No, don't say that. Thank you. You saved her life.
I'm glad that she's alive. She could've died, you know.
Don't worry.
Hong Joo will regain her consciousness.
She'll wake up as if nothing happened.
How's Hong Joo?
The doctor said that she has passed the critical stage,
but she's still unconscious.
I just...
heard what Lawyer Lee Yu Beom said.
What did he say?
I think he'll insist that it was done in defense.
Where is he now?
Is he in the emergency room?
Jae Chan.
Mr. Choi.
Why...
Why on earth...
Why do you have to do this?
Why do you have to leave so suddenly?
Why at a time like this?
Why does it have to be at a time like this?
I...
You're leaving me...
all alone.
Why do you have to leave me?
Why...
Mr. Choi.
I'm sorry, Mr. Jung.
No one knows that you quit.
Ms. Moon also said that she won't tell anyone.
Just think that you're taking a few days off.
When you come back...
I won't go back.
I'm going to be working at Hae Kwang Law Firm.
Did you quit to work with Yu Beom?
Yes.
But... Why?
A long time ago,
my brother ran away from the military armed.
Whenever he called me to tell me that he couldn't take it,
- I have to go. - I said everyone puts up with it...
and that the experience would mature him.
I just scolded him like that.
I never really listened to him.
I felt so bad about it.
I felt horrible that I never listened.
So when he came to me after escaping,
persuading him to turn himself in wasn't the first thing I thought.
He must've been starving, so my priority was getting him food.
When I heard that he killed my chief...
and took other people's lives,
I wanted to kill myself.
I thought that I connived.
Why now?
You had a lot of time.
You should've told me when we first met. Then it would've been easier.
What do you want me to do now? Do you want my forgiveness?
Or do you want me to hate you more?
Neither.
You asked me why I'm going to Hae Kwang Law Firm.
I'm just answering your question.
I no longer want to be a conniver.
I must not feign ignorance to any wrongdoing like I did back then.
That's why I quit. There are no other reasons.
Mr. Choi.
Don't do anything rash, Mr. Jung.
Going to see Lawyer Lee now to question him...
is nothing but a rash decision.
Such an impetuous attitude won't get you anywhere.
From the investigation to the trial,
you won't be able to do anything.
Now, make a choice.
Will you go punch him now...
and get excluded from the investigation and legal proceedings?
Or will you just suck it up now...
so that you can give him the punch he deserves...
through the investigation and trial later on?
[VIU Ver] E29 While You Were Sleeping "Stand by Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
How did you know that I'd be here?
I just knew it. Something told me...
that you'll be kicked out and won't be able to do anything...
if you go see Lawyer Lee now and cause a scene. I'm quite intuitive.
Why? Do you think that I'm talking nonsense?
No.
I don't think that it's nonsense.
I won't...
act rashly.
Good.
That's what you should do as Chief Jung's son.
I really wanted to meet you again.
Chief Jung's son.
About the trailer arson case...
You're sure that Ha Ju Won is the prime suspect, right?
She looks like the woman in the CCTV footage from the gas station,
and the footprints found on the scene also match hers.
We tracked her burner phone's base station,
and her trails match that of the suspect.
Then let's conclude that she was the culprit in the arson case.
We can't arraign her as she's dead, so let's just close the case.
Got it.
Yes, sir.
And you guys are certain that Ha Ju Won is also...
the real IV drip serial killer, right?
We examined every case that occurred after Myung Yi Suk's arrest,
and all the victims were in the same ward as her.
We searched her house...
and found vials and syringes used in the crime.
They match the vials we collected at the scene.
We can't indict her for this either because she's dead now.
(Can't indict due to no right of arraignment)
What about the manipulation of evidence?
Ha Ju Won manipulated the evidence.
It wasn't me.
So are you saying that she's the one who framed his dad...
for the serial murder, not you?
If what I remember is correct,
those vials were found in your dad's office.
That office was inside the hospital,
which means that she had access to it as his patient.
What do you think? Doesn't it make sense?
It does.
It was so easy for you to come up with that plausible theory.
Why was it hard for you back then?
Why couldn't you think of it at the time?
- He's on his knees. - He's kneeling.
I'm sorry.
As a prosecutor, I shouldn't have stopped suspecting her.
I just didn't think that anyone could be...
that methodical and meticulous.
It's all my fault.
Then you should take responsibility for it. You said it's your fault.
I want to take responsibility for it,
but making such a mistake...
isn't considered illegal.
- Bring my dad back to life! - Hey, Dae Gu.
Bring my dad back to life!
- Dae Gu, calm down. - Shouldn't we stop them?
- Bring my dad back to life... - Gosh.
Goodness. Ha Ju Won's death means...
fruitless closures for a number of cases.
Totally. It's been concluded that all of them were her doing.
Let's just focus on the rest of the trials for the Ha Ju Won case.
Hong Joo just regained her consciousness.
Sir, I need to step out briefly.
Why? What's going on?
Hong Joo just woke up.
My gosh, that's such a great news. Go see her now.
- Okay, I'll be back in a bit. - Go, go on.
What a relief. I've been really worried about her.
Mr. Lee, how about you team up with Mr. Jung...
and take care of the trials together?
I heard that the CEO of the firm, Mr. Ko, will defend Lee Yu Beom.
You won't be able to handle him alone.
You think so?
He's still just a lawyer.
He's nothing special. Goodness.
Because of him, our request...
for the warrant against Lee Yu Beom got declined.
He didn't even get arrested for the murder investigation.
Isn't that impressive?
Yes, that's obviously why he makes an eight-figure salary.
He makes eight figures?
My gosh. What's the daily breakdown, then?
He makes about 27,000 dollars a day.
Even if he only works four days a year,
he'd still make more than you do.
That was quick, wasn't it?
It sure was. Fast enough to make me feel like swearing at you.
I'll team up with Mr. Jung and tackle it together.
(Intensive Care Unit)
(Visitors are only allowed twice a day at 11am and 7pm.)
Excuse me. Please let me in for a moment.
I just need five minutes. No, just for a minute.
I'll just see her face and leave.
I'm sorry. Please come back at the next visiting hour.
Please. Let me just make sure that she's okay.
I'm okay.
Hong Joo.
Are you all right? Can you move your arms and legs?
Can you recognize me?
Of course, I can.
I also know that you did your very best to save my life.
I heard everything.
Every single thing that you said.
I'm so relieved.
I'm really glad that you're okay.
Thanks.
You got rid of my long-standing nightmares.
Is it okay for you to walk now? Aren't you dizzy?
No, I waited outside for you because I'm fine.
I'll be moving to a general ward soon.
How did you know that I'd be late?
Did you have a dream again?
I kept having dreams about you while I was sleeping.
That's why I have a rough idea about what's going on with the case...
and what kind of nonsense Lee Yu Beom has been spewing.
And I also know about Mr. Choi.
He was the police officer.
Yes.
I saw you crying in my dream.
I cried with you.
(Hae Kwang Law Firm)
(Choi Dam Dong, Hae Kwang Law Firm)
Mr. Choi, I brought you a cup of coffee.
My gosh, thank you.
So? Do you like your office?
Yes, this desk is bigger...
than the chief prosecutor's desk.
Oh, we have a gym and a sauna too.
Feel free to use them often.
My gosh, I should brag about it to Ms. Moon.
Oh, right. I heard that Reporter Nam Hong Joo...
has regained her consciousness.
She woke up?
What's wrong? Isn't it good news?
Of course, it is.
It's great news.
I'm glad to hear that.
It sure is great news.
We have one more ally now.
Hello, sir.
- Oh, hello. - Hello.
All I have to do at the trial is read what you wrote aloud, right?
Where's the draft? Do you have it ready?
Yes.
(Hae Kwang Law Firm)
Is this it?
Yes, sir.
Arrange a dinner with Reporter Nam.
She's on our side,
so we'll have to coordinate what to say at the trial.
Sir, there's something I need to tell you.
What? What is it?
Reporter Nam may not side with us.
Why wouldn't she?
You risked your life to save her.
She might have gotten the wrong idea about me.
She must've been extremely flustered when it happened, you know.
(Key Defense Arguments)
Tell me what kind of wrong idea she might have.
I haven't done a trial in a long time.
I don't want to embarrass myself.
Look, Mr. Lee.
Yes, sir.
Do you think I offered to defend you because I'm fond of you?
Do you think I took the case to make some petty cash?
No, I didn't think of it like that.
I'm not interested in knowing what kind of person you are.
I don't even believe you.
Whether you killed her unintentionally or not...
doesn't matter to me.
I just don't like the fact...
that my firm's name has been tainted.
You need to tell me the truth...
so that I can either clean it or cover it up.
Tell me now.
What is the misunderstanding?
Sir.
Actually...
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)